.TH ii-node 1  "March 12, 2023" "version 0.1.0" "II-GO"
.SH NAME
ii-node - is idec node
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ii-node
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
For run ii/idec node.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-L
Listen address, default is :8080
.TP
-db <path>
Database, "db" by default
.TP
-e list
Echos list file. This file needs only for descriptions and must be in list.txt format, where 2nd colum is ignored. When this file is exists, points can not create they own echos. (list.txt by default)
.TP
-host <string>
Host string for node. (http://127.0.0.1:8080 by default)
.TP
-sys "name"
Node name. "ii-go" by default
.TP
-u <points>
Points file. "points.txt" by default.
.TP
-v
Be verbose (for tracing)
.SH STANDARTS SUPPORTED
.TP
.BI u/e
.TP
.BI list.txt
.TP
.BI x/c
.TP
.BI list.txt??????????????
.TP
.BI blacklist.txt
.TP
.BI m/
.TP
.BI e/
.SH LIMITATIONS
Size of message can not be greater then 65536 bytes (before encoded into base64).
.SH WEB INTERFACE
User with id 1 (first created user) is admin.
.PP
Admin can create new echoes with: http://127.0.0.1:8080/new 
.PP
Another hiden feature, is blacklisting: http://127.0.0.1:8080/msgid/blacklist
.PP
.TP
Web interface supports some non-standart features in message body text:
.nf
@spolier: spoiler
@base64: name (base64 data from next line till end of message)
xpm2 and xpm3 images embedding
.fi
.SH RSS
http://127.0.0.1:8080/echo/all/rss - All messages
.PP
http://127.0.0.1:8080/echo/echo.name/rss - By echo.name
.PP
http://127.0.0.1:8080/to/User/rss - For User
.PP
http://127.0.0.1:8080/from/User/rss - From User
.SH EXAMPLES
Fetch db and start node:
.nf

ii-tool fetch http://hugeping.tk	# get database from remote node
ftp http://hugeping.tk/list.txt	# for echo descriptions
ii-node -sys "newnode"			# run node with name "newnode"
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
hugeping ( gl00my (at) mail.ru )
.SH SEE ALSO
ii-tool(1), ii-go(1), ii-gemini(1)