.TH ii-tool 1  "March 12, 2023" "version 0.1.0" "II-GO"
.SH NAME
.B ii-tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ii-tool
[options] command [arguments]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ii-tool
can be used to fetch messages from another node and maintaince database.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B FETCH MESSAGES
.B ii-tool
[options]
.B fetch
[uri] [echolist]
.nf

-db <database>
  db by default (db.idx \- genetated index)

-lim=<n>
  fetch mode, if omitted full sync will be performed if needed
  if n > 0 - last n messages synced
  if n < 0 - adaptive fetching with step n will be performed

-f
  do not check last message, perform sync even it is not needed

echolist is the file with echonames (can has : splitted columns, like list.txt)
or '-' to load it from stdin

If echolist is omitted, fetcher will try to get all echos.
It uses list.txt extension of IDEC if target node supports it.
.fi
.TP
.B CREATE INDEX
.B ii-tool
index
.nf
Index file (db.idx by default) is created when needed.
If you want force to recreate it, use: ii-tool index
.fi
.TP
.B STORE BUNDLE INTO DB
.B ii-tool
[options]
.B store
[DB]
.nf

You can merge records from DB to db with store command.

-db <database>
  db to store/merge in
  db - is file with bundles or '-' for stdin.

DB is just msgid:message bundles in base64 stored in text file.
.fi
.TP
.B SHOW MESSAGES
.nf
Select messages:
  ii-tool [options] select <echo.name> [slice]

   slice is the start:limit

Messages are identificated by unique message ids (MsgId).
It is the first column in bundle: <msgid>:<message>

Show selected message:
  ii-tool [options] get <MsgId>

Search message:
  ii-tool [options] search <string> [echo]

.B options:
  -from <user>   -- from user
  -to <user>     -- to user
  -t             -- only topics (w/o repto)
  -db <database> -- db by default (db.idx - genetated index)
  -v             -- show message text, not only MsgId

.fi
.TP
.B ADD USER (POINT)
ii-tool [-u pointfile] useradd <name> <e-mail> <password>
.nf

By default, pointfile is points.txt
.fi
.TP
.B BLACKLIST MSG
ii-tool [-u pointfile] useradd <name> <e-mail> <password>
.nf

Blacklist is just new record with same id but spectial status.
.fi

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP Get database from remote node and store to ./db
ii-tool fetch http://hugeping.tk 
.TP
Fetch messages
echo "std.club:this comment will be omitted" | ii-tool fetch http://127.0.0.1:8080 -
.TP
get last message
ii-tool select std.club -1:1
.TP
get first 10 messages
ii-tool select std.club 0:10
.TP
To show last 5 messages adressed to selected user (sort ids by date with sort command)
ii-tool [options] -to <user> select "" | ii-tool sort | tail -n5 | ii-tool -v sort
.TP
???Show and print last message???
ii-tool -v cc Peter -1:1

.SH AUTHOR
hugeping ( gl00my (at) mail.ru )
.SH SEE ALSO
ii-go(1), ii-node(1), ii-gemini(1)